docs(icons): update icon categorization details to align with design (#167)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/development/packages/icons/usage.mdx

## Basic example

> Icons are provided as simple components containing an inline SVG element.

Reviewer: I would change this to instead say...

```suggestion
Icons are provided as either SVG or component exports based on your choosing.
```

:::tip

> This library provides only the component containing an svg element to allow for

Reviewer: Same here.

```suggestion
The components provided from this library only contain an svg element to allow for
```

Author: Much better, thanks!

:::

```jsx title="Importing an icon as SVG file into an app created with create-react-app"
import { ReactComponent as PlayIcon } from '@pluralsight/icons/svg/audio-video/play.svg'
import { getIconProps } from '@pluralsight/headless-styles'

> const MyPlayComponent = (props) => (

Reviewer: Update to named `function` for consistency and readability.
